# SystemR36-APT
This is the main UPDATE REPO for SystemR36, this repo is used by SystemR36 to get it's updates directly from online, and it can also be used by SystemR36 users to download packages manually to install them via the offline method. 

# WARNING
DO NOT use this repo or the (possible) packages in it as of yet! These are NOT done yet, and are NOT intended to be used as is at the moment. SOME packages MIGHT be production ready already, and are published here for those using and/or testing the Alpha/Beta test installation of SystemR36, but these files are in NO WAY intended for public use yet. Also keep in mind that these packages are NOT meant to be used on (or even suitable for) (d)ArkOS in ANY WAY! They often depend on additional files, services and configuration from SystemR36.

# WARNING: RANDOMLY INSTALLING FROM THIS REPO WILL BREAK YOUR SYSTEM!
DO NOT use packages from this repo as 'install source' for applications, utils etc, these are NOT!! complete utils, programs etc, these are UPDATE packages which assume/expect that ALL other files these programs, utils etc need are ALREADY PRESENT on the system! This (when fully live) should be considered as an UPDATE REPO and NOT a 'full base repo'. This is NOT done to be a 'jerk'😉 or to 'gatekeep', but to keep the updates as small and modular as possible for the intended devices. ANY packages, programs or even games which could be interesting for others to install (either on SystemR36 or other systems) will VERY likely have their own custom download page on my website: https://www.teamxnl.com.

# DO NOT FORK REQUEST
Obviously I can't prohibit anyone from forking a public repo, bit I can request you not to fork this one. NOT because I don't want you to use the files for your installation of SystemR36, but to prevent wasting GitHub storage and the environmental impact of datacenters having to keep a 'copy' of each stale fork. And considering this is an UPDATE REPO for SystemR36 it's absolutely COMPLETELY USELESS to keep a 'personal fork' of it, because when a packege here gets replaced it means the old one is basically no longer valid, compatible or even working anymore on SystemR36. 'The world' is burning enough energy for nothing already these days with crypto and AI data centers, so let's be kind and not waste more storage for 'obsolete stuff' 😊 Thanks 👍🏽
